hello everybody i am jay penis and no
one also has real life and I'm gonna go
not gonna tell you my real name because
I'm a huge Taggart today I'm gonna show
you my new house I have a Klaus our
amazing isn't it yes it bring you and
yeah it's not too dirty in Polina we've
got two broken but this is my new house
this is my house
is cooler well let's have a look and
inside usual there's nothing much to see
on this outside so you have the window
the main door and yeah this is the
inside so we are the main room the
dining room
the also bathroom yes
where yes so this is also bathroom
fucking piece of shit so this is the
closet what the fuck is that pink shit
anyway
we also have another closet which what
works well it's resistant you have the
tool shed where I hold my tools so you
have a you know the classic stuff rack
hammer you have a crowbar like Gordon
Freeman and half life and you have the
classic sledge hammer promise and I
can't handle it well with my camera oh
yes oh so you have a crowbar the door
and another door a cool people bastion
and story so I I forgot to take back
camera well I use the regular because
I'm a huge Taggart
so you are basically ping shit you have
this bedroom for the friends it's pretty
huge I'm the last in here oh there's a
nail make up shit
fuck you have this switch
you are this lamp which is the land of
the main bedroom so this is my bed
basically it's just wood so you have the
pit oh and the poo poo hole as you can
see I shit white stuff okay
ah yeah we also have yeah here we add
another friends room yeah because I have
lots of fact there is those pods there's
that nail which I'm going to take how
big is it this is me off oh and we have
this switch we lied no no it's broken
its broken
Ambro you are bigger like also this yeah
this is the bureau we are worse my
office and I'm constantly working on
that art project is the giant penis on
the wall end wall made with this rack
Amer I'm not finished yet but I'm gonna
send some photos later so everybody this
was a penis and it's new home and I hope
you enjoyed the little tour well see a
son of bitches